--Commands--
Chat commands:
ignore <playername> - Will block all gossip, clan, say, emote, tell from that player
	who will tell you who is ignoring you and who you are ignoring.
unignore <playername> - Stops ignoring that player.
gossip(;) - Heard by everyone in the game world. (ex. "gossip Hello World!" or ";Hello World!")
say(') - Heard by all people within your visible range.
clan(:) - Heard by everyone in your clan. (or noone if you are not in a clan)
tell(/) - Heard by player who you tell to. (ex. "tell Tom hey!" or "/Tom hey!")
emote(.) - Performs an action. (ex. "emote sticks out his tongue" or ".sticks out his tongue")

Game Commands:
west(w),east(e),north(n),south(s) - Moves character one square.
who - Shows a list of online players.
wear - wears a specific item in your inventry (ex. "wear cloth shirt")
unwear - removes a specific item (ex "unwear cloth shirt)
	You can also say "unwear wielded" to remove your weapon.
	skull, torso, arms, legs, neck, eyes, waist, hands, and wielded are also valid.
	Or "unwear all" to remove all armor and weapons
attack,kill,a - Attacks a character or baddie. (ex. "attack 1.newbie_vampire" or "a 1.newbie_vampire")
look - Shows a mob's level and hp or a player's hp. (ex. "look 1.newbie_vampire")
give - Gives an object or gp to another player. (ex. "give Tom long sword" or "give Tom gp 1000")
follow - Follows a player. (ex "follow Tom")
unfollow - Forces a player or pet to stop following you. (ex "unfollow Mooch")
leave - Stops following.
unclan - Leaves the clan you're currently in.
order - Orders someone under your control to do something. (ex. "order Bunbun wear cloak")
title - Changes your title. (ex. "title the magnificent.")
description - Changes your description. (ex. "description Wow, that Tom is quite the lady-killer")
audio - Tells you whether you currently have audio off or on.
audio off/on - Turns audio off or on.
password - Allows you to change your password.
reset - Sends you back to your location. Helps images load and to know exactly where you are.
afk - alerts everyone your away from keyboard.
back - tells them your back
sleep - makes your char go to sleep.
wake - wakes your char from sleep mode

Clan Leader Commands:
addmember - invites someone to join your clan. (ex. "addmember Tom")
kick - kicks a player out of your clan. (ex. "kick somemeanperson")





