New Dusk Story
by Rene Peralta
In the begining there were the elves. No one remembers when or
why the Great Split came, but all know the sorrow and decimation it has wrought
on them. Centuries of perpetual conflict weakened the two factions to the point
that their greatly diminished numbers could no longer wage full scale war. Raids
and skirmishes, rather than real battles had become the norm. Then the Humans
came. At first they were a curiosity, a new and inferior race, lacking in any but
the most rudimentary skills and understanding of The Magic. But they had other
skills and their appetite for expansion was insatiable. Their settlements grew
into villages which grew into what they called cities. They cultivated the land
and herded the animals. Their voracious consumption of raw materials layed
countless forests bare, scarred the mountains and riddled them with mine holes,
polluted the streams and encroached on the habitat of the beasts of the land. And
it pushed back the elves. The situation became intolerable and the elves were
forced to call a truce to their own quarrel. If there was any doubts remaining as
to whether The Great Split would eventually destroy them, this new threat removed
those doubts. The elven civilization was united once again and it embarked on the
quest for survival in the new reality, a world with Humans as the new threat to
their existence. They had one thing on their side, invisibility. The Humans were
not fully aware of them. The vast majority of them thought of elves as the stuff
of myth, legend and superstition. Something for artisans, scribes and those who
would scare little children to dwell on. So their first line of attack was
indirect. Their greatest practitioners of The Magic invoked all maner of monsters
and populated the world with them. They knew this would not by itself defeat the
Humans, but it would retard their progress and buy them what they needed most,
time. Time to rebuild their ranks. Time to study their enemy. Time to rebuild
their strongholds. Time to forge the weapons of destruction and hone the skills
of their young in combat and The Magic. The dawn of elven civilization was long
past. The day of their inner conflict had been played out. If their effort
failed, their civilization would cease to exist, night would fall on their world.
But there was still a little time left. It was DUSK. 
