Things to do:  (Things I can do in the Dusk scripting.) X means it's done.

 1. Fix mend spell so it works in battle.  (I've tested spells inBattle and they don't seem to work.  I probably can't fix this.)
X2. Make ore mob that you can only kill when you have a pickaxe.
 3. Finish the mushroom puzzle quest.
 4. Make scripts that check if someone is currently doing the puzzle or the pirate quest.
X5. Fix TileSee scripts so the player could look over desks, bushes or whatever you could see over.  Doors, stairs, or whatever else you can walk on but shouldn't see through. (I had line of sight turned off but I decided I wanted to use it.)(Done, but still may need some touch ups.)
X6. I only want mendpotions to be 1 use and once used get removed and a empty bottle is replaced.
 7. Finish all of Chief bounty hunter's quests.
X8. Finish Dr Herbie's quests.
 9. Make at least 2 clan territories and 1 castle for the clans to fight over ownership of.
X10. Garbage Man mob who kills all the mobs/oneusemobs.  (There isn't a kill mob script-that I am aware of- so the only way to get rid of a mob is by killing it.)
X11. Krista's quest needs another condition so it doesn't skip dialog if you already caught some fish.
X12. The hermit should quit helping you and just give you advice on magic when you reach 100cp.
(Woah, this has become quite a list.  Once completed I'll call it episode 1 of Duskmoon!)

Things to do for episode 2:

1. Setup furnace for smelting ores.
2. Smithing bars into weapons/armor.
3. More story line quests.
4. Fix every item's image that isn't correct.

Known Glitches:  (These things need to be fixed in the Java programming, which I can't do)

1. Walking animation has a flicker and doesn't alternate between frames.
2. Wrongly threaded AWT sometimes flickers between the main frame and battle frame.  Sometimes all the text in the dialog box disappears.
3. Logging into the game online from a applet sometimes has -1 images loaded. (probably because we're running an ancient java applet on new technology.)
4. Fix magic so it works in battle.  (I see a lot of existing magic spells which were scripted for battle but they don't seem to work.)
5. java version "1.7.0_45"
Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 1.7.0_45-b18)
Java HotSpot(TM) Server VM (build 24.45-b08, mixed mode)
This version of java won't run the DuskMapEditor on Ubuntu 10.04.  I haven't come across a version of java the won't run Dusk as an application offline.  The main problem is newer versions of java / OS's are getting -1 images loaded from a applet online.  
6. Very rarely while fighting a lot of mobs at once (5+) the mobs HP gets stuck and the only thing you can do is flee to restart the battle.

Mushroom quest info:
Ball 629.
Ball on trigger 630.
Cave floor 394.
Trigger 626.
Trigger activated 625.
Cave floor with fire 610.
Magma wall 504.
Water rock 306.
ball mob and Giant Mushroom 2-7.

ballnorth 531 616






