chat trigger "-----------------------------------------

Welcome to Duskmoon!	 A new world created using the old open source GMUD 'Dusk' client/engine created ~2000.
			 First release:
			 Episode 1:  Showcases old Dusk's features using scripts and magic groups recycled from old Dusk worlds.  
			 New features have been created by me in the form of Dusk script hacking.  There's a lot of neat script's out there in Duskmoon!
			 So go on and eat some flan's when your hungry, solve puzzles, help the local townspeople, find treasures, and side quests then save the world!

  	Credits...
	Andy Weaver-	 If your playing online, many thanks to him hosting Dusk online :D!
	Tom Weingarten-	 Creator, Java programming lead (tom.weingarten@gmail.com) ~2000.
	Zabin (me)-	 Duskmoon content, graphic artist (XyphoidZabin@gmail.com ) 2008-2013.
	Wildern-	 	 Java programming contributions, Dusk script content 2000-2002, and hooking me up with this Dusk version ~2008.
	Everybody-	 	 Everybody who contributed to Dusk 2000-2003.
	Jetrel-		 Graphic artist.
	Hyptosis-		 Graphic artist.
	Redshrike-		 Graphic artist.
	BartK-		 Graphic artist.
	more-		 See /DuskFiles/LICENSES for more graphical artists credits.

	Inspirations...
DuskZ-(2013)		 Michael Zucchi aka (NotZed)'s fork of the old Dusk engine.  The old Dusk engine has recently seen some new life.  NotZed's work on DuskZ-
			 completely rewritten the client/server with new Java/JavaFX for the client.  Almost every feature I had on my wish list for Dusk
			 he's implemented in his DuskZ.  Animated tiles, animated damage bubbles, layers, sprites not getting resized, and better walking animation.
			 Those are some awesome new features in DuskZ but there's hardly any game content left as he's changed the scripting language from the old Dusk
			 script to Javascript.  He started converting a few game scripts while testing his new Javascript system and he says he may still change it.
			 There's no point in converting the existing scripts until he has solidified his new scripting system.  He put together a runable version of
			 his latest code (it's currently on googlecode) so I could check out the cool new features.  I thought his new version felt slick, new, and was
			 obviously using new Java technology which was nice to see from such an ancient game!  I enjoyed seeing his upgrades though his new game is very
			 incomplete and still needing more work, and polish till it's at a playable version.  Dusk is a big project and it's a lot of work.
			 I remember him saying that he isn't promising anything (so he might not finish a compatable/complete version of his Dusk).  But if he does it
			 will be excellent!  If he doesn't oh well that's why I love open source, somebody else could learn from his work and possibly continue it.

The Mana World-		 Great open source MMORPG. I mapped the starting village in Duskmoon to resemble TMW Hurnscald, which I believe was mapped in TMW by Crush.
			 The farmer quest to kill the pinky's and rewarded the farmer's kaiser blade (in TMW)- inspired the bug hunting quest in Duskmoon.
			 Monster points idea (TMW) inspired me to do the same in Duskmoon.

Valyria Tear-		 Bertram's excellent JRPG.  Watching him revive Hero of Allacrost (HOA) with his fork of the game (by himself) inspired me to revive Dusk.
			 Ball, triggers, and giant mushrooms blocking (Bertram's puzzle idea) inspired my own version of the puzzle in Duskmoon.

Battle for Wesnoth-		Huge excellent open source game with tons of excellent art all licensed under a open license (GPL) some of which is used in Duskmoon.

Wyvern GMUD-		 I was searching the internet looking for a game that resembled Dusk and I found this gmud.  It's not open source and I haven't played it yet
			 because the guy who made it is currently not hosting it online (hasn't openly licensed it either).  So no one could revive it besides him.
			 I was reading through their forums and noticed everybody there were old players who miss the game and are anxiously waiting to play the game again.
			 Which is how I feel about Dusk.  I love open source games because I can make a game with it and redistribute it keeping the project alive!

	Conclusion...
			 Enjoy the Duskmoon demo game!
-----------------------------------------"
endscript
